[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] My child, you
are everything to your parents. Your
parents don't mind the hardships, they
only hope you grow up and become mature, they
only hope you have a high and noble status. My child, you are everything to your
parents. The
street corners are lit up at night, your
parents' footsteps hurry, searching
for happiness for you. From
summer to winter, their feet ache, even though their
bodies are weary and sick,
even though the winter wind blows and their shoulders are thin. Your parents are
still here, enduring sorrow and rain,
because you are their greatest blessing. Even if you are
guilty or make mistakes, even if you are rejected and
ostracized, your parents are troubled, but they will not abandon you. They
wait for you to grow up and have complete
happiness. Your
parents raise you without hesitation, even through
storms and hardships of
life, they
still embrace and comfort you. The vast ocean
cannot contain a mother's love, the
boundless sky cannot cover a father's sacrifices.
[Music] My child, you
are everything to your parents.
[Music] They
don't expect you to share their lives with them, they
don't expect you to repay them in their old age, they
only hope you grow up and become mature.
[Applause]  [Hands] My
child, you are everything to your parents. The
street corners at night are lit up, your
parents' hurried footsteps
search, search for
happiness for you. From
summer to winter, their feet ache, even though their
bodies are weary and sick, even
though the winter wind is strong,
because you are their flesh and blood. Even if you are
sinful or make mistakes, even if life throws you down, your
parents are troubled, but they will
not abandon you. They will raise you to be mature, happy, and peaceful. Even if you are sinful, even if you make mistakes, even if life is like a grain of rice, your mother, though troubled, will not abandon
you.
Because you are everything, you are their flesh and blood. My child, you
are everything to your parents. Grow
up, be happy, and peaceful. [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]